My wife and I won the Euro Millions Lottery of 41 Million British Pounds and we  have decided to donate 1.5 million British Pounds to 10 individuals worldwide  as our own charity project. To verify, please see our interview by visiting the  web page below.   Your email address was among the emails which were submitted to us by the  Google, Inc as a web user; if you have received our email please, kindly send us  the below details so that we can issue you a valid bank cheque for 1,500,000.00  pounds in your name or direct our bank to effect the transfer of the funds to  your operational bank account in your country.  
Do you have an over-weight problem that you can't seem to beat?  Have you tried diet after diet with no results?  Are you too busy to buy special diet foods?  Do you want a simple, quick one-pound-a  day diet that gets you really slim, really fast? 
You have to see this magical towel in action to believe how powerful it is!  Watch the Magical towel in action now!   At first, I was very much like you. I was skeptical.  I did not believe that this Magical towel was any different from other towels sold at a local store.  In fact, this very same towel was introduced to me several months ago. I've put it aside until recently, where I've started to test it.  I was blown away on the performance of this advanced technology!  Watch this video to see it yourself and to believe it!   This is NOT just a regular towel or even a micro fiber towel that many are raving about.  This is a revolutionary piece of fabric that contains Nanolon Fiber technology and it is 100 times thinner than one human hair! Each square inch of this towel contains almost 100,000 Nanolon Fiber which captures liquid, dust,  dirt and grime like a magnet, without any toxic chemical.  This replaces expensive paper towels and toxic chemical cleaners that are wreaking havoc on your health  and our environment! In fact, this magical towel can save you thousands of dollars!  All you need is this Nanolon Fiber Towel and Water to clean virtually anything - even the permanent marker on your mirror!  Watch this video to see this advanced technology in action! - You will be amazed!  